---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: For Sale
slug: p2
subhead: Project 2
categories: [projects]
excerpt: Design a responsive, four page site for a fictional retail company focusing on usability.

---

### Description
Design a responsive, four page site for a fictional retail company. You will create the company name and branding prior as well as curate a selection of goods the company sells prior to the design of the site. The site must have:
* A home page &ndash; Introduces the company and the kinds of goods it sells
* An inventory page &ndash; Shows all or a selection of the items available for purchase. The page should include ways to filter the products.
* A product page &ndash; Shows a specific item that has at least 2 different variations for the customer select. Examples of variations could be color and size if it was clothing, material and color if it was furniture.
* A fourth page that you decide on &ndash; Options could be a cart, rewards program, customer login page, about page, etc.). The content of this page will depend on the kind of page you select.
* A footer &ndash; Each page should have a footer that provides relevant information about the company.
* A navigation &ndash; Each page should have navigation to get you from one page to the next.

#### Requirements
* At least 4 pages
* Navigation
* Mobile (320px) interactive prototype
* Tablet (768px) designs
* Desktop (1440px) interactive prototype
* Brief style guide that includes fonts, colors, and any graphic elements or treatments

### Checkpoints
* September 24: Start
* October 1: 3 proposed companies with potential products
* October 8: 10 logo options, colors, fonts, images, items, and inspiration for brand
* October 15: Style guide and wireframes for the home page at all sizes (mobile, tablet, desktop)
* October 22: First draft of home page (all sizes), components and styles in XD
* October 29: Further refined home page (all sizes), first draft of inventory page (all sizes) 
* November 5: Further refined home and inventory pages (all sizes), first draft of product page (all sizes)
* November 12: First draft of fourth page (all sizes), initial prototype of all pages at desktop size
* November 29: Refined prototype of full site at desktop size, initial mobile size prototype
* November 26: Thanksgiving Break
* December 3: Due
